README.md, before:

# 🧐 Flip-card-memory 🧐

# User Story

As a user I want to

- See a login page and input user name and user password
- Choose a mode - easy or hard
- Easy has 3 by 4 grid and I need to find 2 same images
- Hard has 4 by 6 grid and I need to find 3 same images
- Be able to login to start the game
- The game will show all the images in 3 seconds (Easy) and 2 seconds(Hard)
- The initial score is 0
- Start 1 minute timer in a descedning bar or counter
- Flip two/three same cards at the same time, score + 1
- Flip two/three different cards at the same time, score -1
- Find all the same cards, I will hear hooray sound effect
- Fail to find all the same cards in one mintuer, I will hear Oh No, Oh No, Oh No No No (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_t9y1_WRneY)
- Get my score and ranking at the end of game
- I can restart a new game
- I will have a different pattern of images for a new game
- I can enable/disable background music/sound effects by a button
- I can play it on phone

Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript (logic and DOM manipulation)

# Wireframes:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19142112/169660967-13afec5c-9912-4901-bc12-763e83cc97e4.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19142112/169660977-abe163c8-48ca-47d2-9f27-dd5ffd4c357c.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19142112/169660983-1adeda7a-781e-4ccd-9a25-126b1763b820.png)

Commit message:

add premise in readme, start to module javascript functions

README.md, after:

# Premise

The first National Flip Cards Memory Game will begin on July 4th, 2022.
Register as a player and Pass this primary election!
Top 50 will be selected into the next round!

# 🧐 Flip-card-memory 🧐

# User Story

As a user I want to

- See a login page and input user name and user password
- Choose a mode - easy or hard
- Easy has 3 by 4 grid and I need to find 2 same images
- Hard has 4 by 6 grid and I need to find 3 same images
- Be able to login to start the game
- The game will show all the images in 3 seconds (Easy) and 2 seconds(Hard)
- The initial score is 0
- Start 1 minute timer in a descedning bar or counter
- Flip two/three same cards at the same time, score + 1
- Flip two/three different cards at the same time, score -1
- Find all the same cards, I will hear hooray sound effect
- Fail to find all the same cards in one mintuer, I will hear Oh No, Oh No, Oh No No No (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_t9y1_WRneY)
- Get my score and ranking at the end of game
- I can restart a new game
- I will have a different pattern of images for a new game
- I can enable/disable background music/sound effects by a button
- I can play it on phone

Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript (logic and DOM manipulation)

# Wireframes:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19142112/169660967-13afec5c-9912-4901-bc12-763e83cc97e4.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19142112/169660977-abe163c8-48ca-47d2-9f27-dd5ffd4c357c.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19142112/169660983-1adeda7a-781e-4ccd-9a25-126b1763b820.png)
